hi guys welcome back to my channel today
we are doing a fab fit fun unboxing I
just got this wonderful box on the mail
it's a beautiful Saturday and I was like
let it let's just open it on camera
because it's exciting always see
youtubers review this box box is special
because it's not only like the typical
subscription boxes you get which is like
just beauty or just fashion or something
this one is beauty fashion and lifestyle
and you pay a set price and it's like so
much money it's worth so much more than
you actually pay for the box of all the
like technical information down below if
you're interested in getting one
yourself or you're a little bit confused
but I am seriously so excited so I
already cut it let's just get this oh my
god it's so pretty just as FFF and then
there's a little card here with all the
information oh my god the packaging is
so nice as like the hashtag oh my god
this is so cute
since as a fabfitfun spring edition 2015
they do it like seasonally I guess at
the deets on our fab puns for spring oh
my god so the grand total is 273 dollars
and 89 cents Wow
that's crazy and you definitely are not
paying that price for this box so that's
super cool
and it just has a picture of everything
that's inside so let's open it let's get
it started ha let's get it started in
here oh my god it's so pretty oh my gosh
this is so pretty look at it so
everything's just laid out so nicely I'm
so excited to share this with you guys
okay so this first thing that I have
here is just this little tiny Jules
Smith design so let's go to the car to
see what this is Jill Smith scarf in
watercolor or modern art print swain
Rihanna mary-kate Olsen and other celebs
who are fans they're lightweights cotton
scarves so that's kind of cool I guess I
got my tie this on to maybe my purse or
something and make it a little more
colorful for spring or I can just wear
it as it is because it's super cute it's
like one of those like Barbie scars
by a pretty and I don't know what
pattern this is but I'm definitely fan
this is like $42 originally there's food
in here and I'm a fan of actually so
hungry right now it doesn't have any
information on this but these are just
cosmos creations and they're just salted
caramel popcorn oh it looks so good
no way this is fantastic this is a DVD
of Pilates and it's a three DVD set
there's level 1 level 2 and level 3 I
like doing workout videos because I
don't have to leave my home so I don't
have to like dress up all fancy for the
gym like try to impress people cuz I'm
not very tough and I'm a wimp so I could
do this in my home which is really cool
this is the 3 DVD intense body blast set
and it comes with a $25 gift card to
this website so this is a $61 retail
value let's keep going oh my fav flesh
tattoos these look fantastic and
instagrams and everything so I love
these these are the yeah seem metallic
flesh tattoos they retail for $36 Wow so
they are pretty fancy and you can these
are so cool because that you just like
put them on yourself and then you like
Instagram and everything with them and
they come off like the day after so
they're just temporary but they're
really pretty there's some more stuff oh
look at this this is so cute for spring
it's a little micro Gro Global's
combination mulch seed and fertilizer C
pod so you just kind of stick it in the
ground and give it some water and it's
gonna grow you a little pretty flower if
you're spraying that's so cute there's
some orderly nail lock or this is in
cakepop it's just a really pretty pink
nail polish I love this I think I'm
gonna put this on my toes next time it's
like a white pink and then this is the
Orly BB creme makeup for nails so it's
like a little primer oh my god that's
super cute and this is a really good
brand retails for 15 and this retails
for 850 so that's pretty cool there's a
bunch more stuff in here we're digging
around ok what's this this is the rifle
Paper Co bon voyage coaster set this is
so cute so it's just coasters with
cities on them but they decorated so
this is New York I was actually in New
York City today fun
of the day Paris Tokyo London I freaking
love London I need to go back another
New York and then it just repeats again
so it's eight coasters and they're
really pretty oh my god that's adorable
this would be like such a nice gift if
you wanted to be a gift throw that idea
out there this is the palmetto derma
collagen booster and restoration system
that sounds pretty fancy he says this
spring we're done look we're giving your
skin a free radical fighting super serum
to keep your skin safe from the daily
elements fill the lines and wrinkles and
everything $48 retail value this bad boy
I was actually just saying how I need it
to go makeup brush shopping because the
ones that I have are doing it for me so
this is cool
this is the Orphic cosmetics eyeshadow
brush duo number 11 and number 20
Wow these are really soft it's just two
little brushes one of them is pretty big
for blending and one of them is a limits
long too kind of pact on the couple my
god they're so soft I'm so excited to
use these and then in the bottom they
give you some discounts and stuff like
that what makes this box so special is
that if you like what you open they are
going to give you some discount cards
and stuff so I have one for the Mareth
hue company and I have this one for
designer bridesmaid dresses and 25% off
the paper car which was the coasters we
got I got a $40 gift card to hellofresh
which is like a little oh my god like
they it create the recipes and you
choose what you want this is super cool
overall impressions up this box I
actually really enjoy it I think it's
pretty fun and unique I love online
shopping and I think it's fun when you
get like a little bit of a surprise so
if you're looking to spend a couple of
bucks and like get a better turnaround
on your investment because technically
you're paying I believe this box is
around $60 I definitely have a discount
cord for you guys so I'll leave that
down below whatever you're paying for
this box it's like a $200 value so if
you like these kind of things and you're
interested I definitely do recommend it
I'm pretty picky when it comes to these
boxes because I think that it's boring
when it's just makeup or if it's just
clothes so this is kind of just like the
right balance I think I actually really
like it and
definitely going to be using all these
products and I'll let you know if I
enjoy them so thank you guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed this little
fun Saturday video I just kind of
figured that I would film as the
fabfitfun box all the information as I
said will be listed down below I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and if you
are not already subscribed to my channel
you 100% should be give the co a huge
thumbs up I post new videos every single
Tuesday and I will see you guys then
with a brand new video
bye guys
me